Update Changelog for 1.109.0 (#722)
pulsar-edit/pulsar: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## 1.109.0

- Fixed a race condition that could cause `autocomplete-plus` to ignore user input.
- Fixed the `about` package linking to release notes for Pulsar.
- Reduced the amount of network requests that `settings-view` creates.
- Fixed the icon used when registering Pulsar as a file handler on Windows.

> - Removed the `autoUpdate` API from Pulsar, instead relying on the `pulsar-updater` package.
> - Prevented warnings in the developer console from appearing when autocomplete suggestions are shown.
> - Removed all CoffeeScript code from Pulsar and core packages.

Reviewer: Here too, if you like the suggestions:

```suggestion
- Removed the non-functional `autoUpdate` API from Pulsar, instead relying on the new `pulsar-updater` package.
- Prevented warnings in the developer console from appearing when autocomplete suggestions are shown.
- Removed the last CoffeeScript code from Pulsar and core packages. (Converted to JavaScript.)
```
